hey guys it's Mark Harvey crazy from do
talk and as you know I've been working
on this RV 245 trying to get the right
combination of pilot jets and main jets
and plugs and just trying to get it to
get to the point where I can get it to
run
good idle good and make some final
adjustments come winter time I have
obviously want to get this project
knocked off and out of the way it's
taking me about three years to put the
sled together and as a result of trying
to find you know the right kill switch
and the proper airbox
the lightweight skis which you really
can't see here but I got them covered up
here and I've got the twin
pipes on there that's got the original
airbox and I actually believe or not has
the original polar firebox on it so this
was a sled that I had picked up a few
years back in Omaha Nebraska after a guy
answer an ad that I was looking for the
RV kill button and he told me that he
happened to have to kill buttons and
they were on sleds that were abandoned
in his lawn mower repair shop that was
once a skidoo dealership so it's taken a
long time to get all the parts and find
all the parts and I've got a little
crazy and I usually like everything to
be running good and looking good and
then it's on to the next project so with
that being said I'll give you a little
give you a little sound bite here and
trust me it sounds much better in person
that it does on film so here goes
and enjoy
so that's it for now until I get the
hood from the seller on it and button
the rest of it up and then on to the
next project see you soon bye